what is up guys it is supposed and today
I've got another GTA 5 easter egg for
you this one is a haunted house so where
you want to come is where I am on the
map so this is where I am on the map it
is at the top of Los Santos and as you
see on the wall it's got a red arrow
pointing upwards to 1807 that is
probably the time and I will discuss
that later on you come around here you
have some more graffiti and strawberries
but now like what I'm going to say is
we're going to go up to the haunted
house which is apparently haunted oh no
it is all you want to do is just break
the gays come in here now apparently
this house is haunted I'm not saying it
is but i'll show you why i think is
haunted if you go into the back garden
at 1807 a party spawns as you can see
it's 1827 now and a party spawns now the
weird thing about this is that if you
walk into people they automatically just
die or they just crouch down also if you
point a gun at their head and do over
here you point a gun at their head or
they say is blast me they just they
blast me every time so I don't know if
this is haunted or not but some people
said that when they've come here before
they automatically were already dead on
the floor and they had guns by them so
this is one freaky house you can come
check out yourself it's really weird all
you have to do is just walk into them
and they die or like these people doing
they just crouch on the floor they don't
run away or anything they just crouch so
yeah if you want to come check this out
it's here on the map so yeah this is
some freaky house i hope you enjoying if
you liked it and you've tried out then
please leave a like on the video and
subscribe if you haven't as i bring out
daily GTA 5 content so i hope you
enjoyed and bye